I found the easiest way for new traders
to become consistently profitable as
fast as possible. Over the years, I
discovered a simple principle and built
a strategy around it that completely
changed my trading. Every time I tried
to learn more strategies, add more
indicators, or level up with something
new, I actually made less money. Trading
feels like it should be complicated. And
as humans, we love to make things
complicated. But that's exactly what
sabotages most traders. The traders who
struggle the longest are usually the
ones bouncing from strategy to strategy,
trying everything, thinking the more you
learn, the more profitable you will
become. The turning point for me was
when I stopped trying to master the
market and focused on one simple
money-making pattern and repeated it
every single day. The same setup, same
checklist, same execution. It's so
stupid simple. It seems like it
shouldn't work. I stopped caring about
all the other moves the market was
making where I could have made money.
And for the first time ever, I started
becoming consistently confident in my
trading. And the best part is you can
start doing this with a really small
account, risking less than $50 per
trade, and scale over time to where I am
now risking $1,500 per trade, making
over $5,000 on a single trade, and I'm
going to continue to scale from there.
And it doesn't require sitting in the
charts all day. Most days I'm actively
watching the market for 30 to 60 minutes
and then I'm done. So in this video I'm
going to show you exactly how the
strategy works, how to repeat it daily,
and how to scale it the right way so you
can go from trading a small account to
creating a trading career. So here's the
strategy. Every morning I open my charts
up to the S&P 500 futures. First thing
I'm looking for isn't entries, it's
location. I go to the 15minute chart and
mark out key areas of support and
resistance. These are the zones where
the market has reacted before, where
buyers and sellers have stepped in and
where price is most likely to reverse
again. This gives me the big picture
bias. And once I've mapped that out, I
drop down to a one minute chart. And
this is where most traders go wrong and
where I went wrong. They start scanning
for everything, every potential
reversal, continuation, or breakout.
They don't want to miss out on any money
that could be made that day. I don't do
that. I wait for four specific patterns
to line up, which together make up my
five-step entry checklist. If those
criteria aren't met, I don't trade. If
the market doesn't fit the checklist, I
shut down for the day and go do
something else. That's what makes this
powerful. It removes decision fatigue.
It removes emotion and it removes that
self- sabotage. It's simple. It's
rulebased and takes 30 to 60 minutes a
day. and it fits into real life. You can
go do this with a full-time job. So,
before I walk you through the stepbystep
process of how to find and execute these
trades yourself with a real example, we
need to talk about how to trade and
scale your account. First off, I am
trading the futures market instead of
trading something like options, forex,
or crypto. I found it way simpler to
trade futures. You can start with an
extremely low amount of risk because you
are trading the micro futures contracts
giving you the leverage similar to
options without the complexities
involved that come with options trading.
And also, you don't need a lot of money
in your account to day trade, unlike
trading normal stocks where you run into
the pattern day trading rule that
requires you to have $25,000 in your
account to take more than five trades in
a 5-day rolling period. So, the bottom
line with them is they're simple, but
you still get the leverage to trade with
a small account. A platform that works
perfectly for this is called Ninja
Trader. You can start demo trading,
which I always recommend first when
learning trading or a new strategy. This
allows you to practice reading the
market and trading. I'll leave a link
below for you to get that as it's the
best futures platform in my opinion.
I've used it for over 5 years at this
point myself and it's extremely powerful
for this strategy. Now, let me show you
a trade where I made over $5,000 in 15
minutes using this exact step process I
execute every day. So, about 9:15
Eastern Standard Time every morning, 15
minutes before the stock market opens, I
pull up my charts for the ES futures,
the S&P 500 futures on a 15minute chart,
and I look at just what what's the big
picture of the market doing? What kind
of mode and pattern is the market in?
Because the market changes over time.
Sometimes it'll just be in a big uptrend
or currently right now if you just look
over the last couple weeks is it's very
volatile back and forth. You know, it
has some moves down, but it's so
volatile every day, which is really good
for my strategy in terms of a lot of
potentials for a big move to get
reversed. And so what I look for for
support and resistance zones are where
are the major ones? You know, we have a
big swing up here. So I would consider I
would draw a box up here saying, okay,
well the major highs, this is where the
major highs have been. Same thing on the
flip side. We're really far from this
with the market being right here
currently. But, you know, I want to keep
track of that. Okay, where's the major
low? And then also I'll zoom in a little
bit actually because the market's kind
of opening up right here at that price
and I'll say, okay, well, here is the
the major swing highs the last couple
days. I want to kind of draw a box at
that. We're currently almost exactly at
the highs of that. And then as well just
the the lows as well. You know, there's
kind of two swings right here. And so
I'll draw a support zone there. Also
kind of a minor one here as well. And so
these are where I help focus my
attention. So you're not getting sucked
into every little move that the market's
having. You are focusing on the key
areas where the market is more likely to
make a bigger decision. That's the whole
idea and the huge focus for me that
drastically helped my trading because
again, I'm trying to just consistently
repeat the same money-making pattern
every day. And so, here's another good
thing example I saw is okay, well,
there's kind of an upwards resistance
trend line. So, I'd want to see, okay,
maybe the market comes up, touches this,
and then reverses this kind of move
we've had up. And so, that's why these
zones are probably one of the most
important things when it comes to
trading. and the strategy because these
are the key areas where the market's
likely to reverse, which is going to
increase your trade probability of
working out if you can properly identify
key areas like this. And I'll link a
video up here where I actually go into
more detail on that. But this is
generally what I look for. And so this
morning is, you know, okay, we have a a
key area that I want to watch as the
market opens and develops. And then I'll
bring up the recording here of that
trading day. And you can see is the
market now had a big move up like this.
And so I have realized that over time is
when the market makes a big move up like
this, it's called an unhealthy move. And
it's actually likely if it reverses, it
reverses in a big way. And actually, if
I pull up this 15-minute chart here
again, you can see this is a big spike
higher, you know, big move up. And so if
it if it reverses, it's likely to spike
lower as well. And you know, you can see
this just looking back at the chart.
Here is a huge example of it where the
market had a big move. It start started
going crazy right here and then it
eventually reversed that whole move. And
so my idea with this strategy is I'm not
trying to predict when the market's
going to have a big crazy move like this
or initially. What I find way easier is
to watch a big move happen and then know
that that eventually is going to reverse
at some point. And so that's what I look
for with these trades is I look for
these big unhealthy moves that I think
are likely to reverse. And so that's
kind of the second actually if we really
start getting into the checklist here,
the second step. The first one being
okay well is it at a key area of
resistance in this case or support if
you're looking for a potential long. And
then the second thing is do we have an
unhealthy move where the market's kind
of getting overextended into that zone
that gives us that catalyst where the
market could seriously reverse. And so
here you can see the timing is the
market opened right here at 9:30, made a
little bit of a punch higher, and then
immediately starts to reverse here. Now,
I don't just blindly start to bet lower
if it's at one of these key areas, you
know, I we need a few more steps
essentially. And so if I just zoom
forwards a little bit here, what I want
to see essentially is I want to see this
unhealthy move start to slow down
because, you know, this is a is a good
spike, but if we go back here is this
move right here is huge and you don't
know when it's going to stop. And so
sometimes these unhealthy moves, you
have no idea how long they're going to
last for. And so that's kind of the the
third key part of this checklist is that
you need this uptrend to start to slow
down and break. And so for this example
here we're looking at is you know
sometimes I'll use an upwards trend line
like here it's like okay well there's
kind of an upwards trend line here and
it's clearly broken. Another thing is
well just looking at the swings you know
the market I like to just use the
structure of the market. You can tell I
don't really use any indicators here.
And the reason because of that is that I
find it, you know, my whole philosophy
about trading is the simpler the better.
And so I just look at the structure of
the market and I use a couple drawing
tools. And so here, you know, the market
as it's making this up trend, it's
making higher highs and higher lows
pretty consistently. And then at this
point right here, well, it makes
actually a lower low, which is the first
signal that it could be shifting
because, you know, in an uptrend, you
have it making higher highs, higher
lows, and then a downtrend, well, would
be lower lows and lower highs and but
you don't know, you know, when it's
essentially right here. Well, that's the
start, right? And so you're assuming
that okay well if it does this and then
this reverses the swing doesn't make a
higher high it actually makes a lower
high. Well I'm going to assume that well
we might start a downtrend. And so
that's where kind of this part of the
trend is really important because it's
essentially showing you where it went
from making higher highs to lower highs
and lower lows. And so this is that
inflection point that is extremely
important and when you're getting more
granular into the trade of where it
could reverse. And so for me that's how
I look at trading is, you know, first
I'm looking at that, you know, 15minute
chart. Okay, we're at the major level.
You know, it's it's even spiked up here
into this trend line just about. And so
what I'm looking for then, okay, well,
the big picture is aligning and we're in
this sideways kind of chop range. Well,
that makes it more likely to reverse as
well. And so then you start to get
smaller and smaller going into this one
minute chart here. And you look at,
okay, well, what's the trend doing? And
then, okay, well, how do I tell when
that trend is reversing? You know, what
are those signs that show me that it's
reversing? And so here you can see it
has this lower high right here. this
high is lower than this one, right? And
well, this could essentially just do
this and continue higher, right? Because
you could say, well, this is a little
lower high right here. You know, all
these are little mini lower highs.
Here's a little mini lower high. Here's
a little mini lower high. How do you,
you know, say, okay, well, are the
swings in the market like this? and you
look at the smaller swings and there's,
you know, this mini downtrend here or
how do you, you know, start to say,
okay, well, what counts as a swing,
right? What counts as this being the
lower high versus, well, there was kind
of a lower high right here. And that's
part of what's taken me years to really
hone in on what makes this really work
is understanding that, okay, this can't
count as a lower high, right? I can't
just look for a little one candlestick
little blip higher. I need to have the
market show some multiple candlesticks
that make a swing. You know, over here,
right? This takes multiple candlesticks,
have a pullback, and then push higher
and then have a pullback and push
higher. You're not looking for a one
candlestick lower high. And so as this
is, you know, moving along here, I'm
watching, okay, this has confirmed a
lower high for sure with this big
bearish candlestick here, right? And
it's actually made a lower low. I don't
know where this is going to reverse and
pull higher, but the fact that it's made
a new low means that this low, wherever
it bottoms out, is going to be lower
than this one. Even if it bottoms right
here and shoots straight up. And so
you're starting to get that signal of
this reversing. And so that's almost the
last catalyst. That's step four of kind
of identifying, okay, how do we
essentially pick the top or pick the
bottom? That is the hardest part of
trading. And you know, I of course I
don't do it every time. A big important
thing here is riskreward ratio. And so
with these trades, I generally target a
1:3
riskreward ratio on average. I like to
go for 1:3. Sometimes I'll get one to
two. I manage it a little more fluidly
as we get into this trade. I'll show you
a little bit more about that. But you do
not want to make the mistake of going
for a negative riskreward ratio where
you're risking $100 to make $50. instead
you are going for risking $100 to make
$300 because the market doesn't always
work out. You know, even though I have,
you know, for me figured out something
that works, not every trade's a winner.
You know, it's all about that long-term
big picture of the math playing out. And
so, as we look at these trades and where
to enter in, I want to see it. Okay, if
I'm going to risk here, I better be
getting more than one. I better be
getting two or at least three. And I
can't really go off the chart here, but
I better be if I'm risking $100, if my
stop loss is up here, I better be
getting like $200 or $300 if I'm right.
And so here I've put in a sell stop
order, which essentially means that if
the market comes down to this price,
it'll fill me in betting that the
market's going to go lower. And so for
me, the confirmation of that, if I
actually go back a little bit, is was
this big red candlestick because we made
a new low here. A lot of times I'll have
my order ready to jump in on a new low
like that. But in this specific case,
the market was being a little choppy
here. I wanted to wait for a little bit
more confirmation because, you know, I
figured, well, there could be this big
red candlestick here and it could
immediately get reversed and I could
just get knocked out on the trade. And
so I don't want to get in. Sometimes the
market will make a new low like this and
then it'll be a bait that'll reverse
higher. Now those are kind of things
that you'll that's why I, you know,
recommend always demo trading and
practicing because those trading every
strategy you do has all these little
nuances that take time and practice to
really hone down. You know, I use the
same strategy every day, but there's
little things like this that really make
or break your trading. Now, if I entered
in here on this trade, it actually would
have got me in and, you know, it still
would have worked out the same. I
actually would have made a little bit
more money, but that's how I entered in.
And so, once the market kind of pulled
back and and to me showed that, okay,
well, I think if it if it this big big
green candlestick happens and the market
reverses and makes a new low, well, I
want to jump in there because I think
that the big picture is going to come
into play and, you know, maybe the
market's just going to slowly bleed
lower and then accelerate. That's how
this happens sometimes. And you can see
here on my chart, I actually just drew,
well, I think that there's a minor
support level here that the market's
going to have to break. And the why I
drew that and figured that was there is
because we had this big spike higher
here and then the market pulled back a
little bit and then bounced. And so the
market had this big move up here and
then essentially pulled back to this
little spot and kept going. That's
essentially in the uptrend showing,
okay, that's a little minor support
level. Now, I don't think that's going
to necessarily be a big problem, but
it's more of in my mind thinking, okay,
well, there could be a little slowish
movement here before I really it really
gets going. You know, it might have it
might bounce here a little bit and then
get moving. And so, trade got me in. I
put my stop loss up here. my stop loss.
Usually a good rule of thumb is I like
to put it, if we go back to the kind of
the swings, I like to put it above this
swing because I think, well, if the
market comes up here and breaks that,
well, my, you know, big picture idea of
the trend kind of making lower lows and
lower highs, well, that's that's broken.
You know, it's it's making a higher high
and, you know, it's just not working
out. You know, I find the best trades
are I when I jump in and it just works
out pretty well in your favor. And so
this got a little scary for a second.
You know, I instantly got in and I'm
down 600 bucks, 700 bucks. And that's
not great. You know, this to me looked
like, oh crap. You know, it just made a
little double bottom here. Is it just
going to knock me out? And so I've
learned over time though, you know, I
got in here for a good reason. The big
picture's in play. The market is kind of
choppy. I'm just going to have to be
patient with this. And if it stops me
out and I'm wrong, I'm wrong. You know,
I'll move on to the next trade. And I'll
just speed this up a little bit. But you
can see I have a buy limit order down
here roughly around two or three times
my risk. Now generally I like to have a
fluid management. But a big thing here
is a good initial target is this the
start of this spike move right here
because this is where the market
essentially it was it was before this
kind of more to the left side of the
chart. We can't see right now. It was
just kind of choppy and not moving much.
And then news popped out and this trend
started. And so I thought, okay, well
then it's likely to start moving up from
there. And so you can see here we had a
good spike down. I actually moved my
stop loss down some to capture or take
some risk off the table. and this kind
of pullback here that the scary thing is
well the market could just pull down
here and kind of push higher but it it
it didn't you know it kind of sat here
for a little while and eventually moved
to break even when it basically retested
this low here because my again my
thinking is well if it makes a double
bottom here I'm and comes up here I'm
just going to get out you know I big
picture I actually have a upwards trend
bias if I pull out the 15-minute chart
you know it's probably like right here
where where the market is, where that
trade is, and you know, it's it's kind
of in an uptrend. There's kind of a
bullish flag. You know, it could just
pull back here and then continue higher.
And so, that's what I'm I'm looking at.
And so, here you can see it almost it
did make a little pullback. Um, and it
eventually kept going lower, though. So,
that point, I moved my stop down below
this swing. And this is where I like
managing fluidly with the market. And
this kind of again takes some time and
practice because every trade will be
different. We're at this resistance or
support level from where that news
started. This is kind of my initial
target, but I want to see how it reacts
because I think that it's kind of a
minor level. If we look at a 5-minute
chart here of where the trade is, and I
think this shows it even better. You can
see a we had a big spike up and then
here it just kind of makes a head and
shoulders. And so here is about where I
jumped in on the trade and I think this
looks so good for selling off this kind
of movement. I would take this setup
every single day. It coming up to a
major resistance zone and then making
this kind of head and shoulders, you
know, clear swings shifting lower
pattern and then having this essentially
this gap here of where this unhealthy
move happened. This is kind of that
initial target of where that news move
started. But I'm thinking, hey, this is
a kind of a minor support. I would
rather target these lows here because
well that's a much bigger move to the
downside if I can capture that. And so
that's what I'm looking for. I'm
thinking, okay, I'll give it a little
bit of wiggle room here. I'm not risking
any money on the trade in terms of I
won't lose money in my account, but I'm
up $2,000, right? Like if it pulls all
the way back here, I'm I'm I lost $2,000
essentially. And so that's the hard part
about trading is managing based on the
trend and your analysis of the strategy
and the market versus the money. And
that's where starting small and scaling
makes it easier. You know, I can do this
now because I'm used to the money. I'm
desensitized to it and I have practice
managing the trade. If I tripled this
and this was $30,000, if I 10xed it, I
would be freaking out. You know, I
mentally could not handle that amount of
money. And to you being at $3,000 like
this, that could be the same thing for
you because you're starting with, you
know, risking $50. And that was exactly
same thing for me when I was starting
out risking $50 a trade, $100 a trade.
When I was up $300, I was freaking out.
And so, it just takes practice over
time. And you build that confidence. And
so as this gets going here, you can see
even I I still start to have to take
deep breaths and really focus and I go
into a mode of actually trailing my stop
loss a lot tighter with the previous
candlestick high. As essentially as this
candlestick closes, I will move my stop
loss down to that high. And then as this
one opens and makes a new low, I move my
stop loss down again. And I'm just
moving my limit order. I'm not having
that in a specific place. I'm just
moving it down lower. so it doesn't get
hit. It doesn't happen very often, but
when the market gets going really crazy
like this, you have to be aware of the
exact same thing. This is an unhealthy
move and it's going to reverse at some
point. And so, it could keep going down
a long ways, but I'm looking for, you
know, it's done the move I'm looking
for, right? It's at this major support
level. If I pull up a five-minute chart
here, it's broken all the way down here.
And so big picture, it's at that area
where I'm going to look for a potential
bounce. I'm not necessarily going to
take a trade off of that, but I'm going
to assume that, hey, it's probably going
to find some support here and I should
get out of my trade pretty soon. If it
keeps going down and it keeps printing
really big bearish candlesticks, I'll
stay in. It can make a huge green
candlestick here and another one and
another one and all of a sudden I've
given back $3,000, half my profits. And
that's not worth it at all. And so
that's where managing comes into play.
And there's kind of that happy middle
ground. And you can see here it it's I I
got knocked out there at $5,000, but you
know, one candlestick ago, two seconds
ago, I was up $6,000. And so even that
was a big swing to give back. And so
that's why when the market kind of gets
going crazy like that, you have to have
a tight trailing stop. So, I actually
created a six-page PDF guide that you
can get for free down below in the
description of this video or this QR
code that will give you a good breakdown
of this five-step entry checklist. It'll
go through a little bit more details.
And so, I highly recommend getting that.
Now, if you want to learn more about the
strategy and more about futures and
using this strategy for futures, check
out this video right here. It'll go into
way more details instead of just a quick
overview of all of this.